charts/jellyfin/README.md, before:

# Jellyfin Software Media System

This is a helm chart for [Jellyfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin/)

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.19+
- Helm 3+

## TL;DR;


## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the Jellyfin chart and their default values.

| Parameter                  | Description                         | Default                                                 |
|----------------------------|-------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| `image.repository`         | Image repository | `docker.io/jellyfin/jellyfin` |
| `image.tag`                | Image tag. Possible values listed [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/jellyfin/jellyfin/tags/).| `latest`|
| `image.pullPolicy`         | Image pull policy | `IfNotPresent` |
| `enableDLNA`		  | Enable DLNA for jellyfin | `false` |
| `Service.type`          | Kubernetes service type for the jellyfin GUI | `ClusterIP` |
| `Service.port`          | Kubernetes port where the jellyfin GUI is exposed| `8096` |
| `Service.annotations`   | Service annotations for the jellyfin GUI | `{}` |
| `Service.labels`        | Custom labels | `{}` |
| `Service.loadBalancerIP` | Loadbalance IP for the jellyfin GUI | `{}` |
| `Service.loadBalancerSourceRanges` | List of IP CIDRs allowed access to load balancer (if supported)      | None
| `ingress.enabled`              | Enables Ingress | `false` |
| `ingress.annotations`          | Ingress annotations | `{}` |
| `ingress.ingressClassName`          | Ingress class name | `nil` |
| `ingress.labels`               | Custom labels                       | `{}`
| `ingress.path`                 | Ingress path | `/` |
| `ingress.hosts`                | Ingress accepted hostnames | `chart-example.local` |
| `ingress.tls`                  | Ingress TLS configuration | `[]` |
| `persistence.config.enabled`      | Use persistent volume to store configuration data | `false` |
| `persistence.config.size`         | Size of persistent volume claim | `1Gi` |
| `persistence.config.existingClaim`| Use an existing PVC to persist data | `nil` |
| `persistence.config.storageClass` | Type of persistent volume claim | `-` |
| `persistence.config.accessMode`  | Persistence access mode | `ReadWriteOnce` |
| `persistence.media.enabled`      | Use persistent volume to store configuration data | `true` |
| `persistence.media.size`         | Size of persistent volume claim | `10Gi` |
| `persistence.media.existingClaim`| Use an existing PVC to persist data | `nil` |
| `persistence.media.storageClass` | Type of persistent volume claim | `-` |
| `persistence.media.accessMode`  | Persistence access mode | `ReadWriteOnce` |
| `persistence.extraExistingClaimMounts`  | Optionally add multiple existing claims | `[]` |
| `resources`                | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits | `{}` |
| `nodeSelector`             | Node labels for pod assignment | `{}` |
| `tolerations`              | Toleration labels for pod assignment | `[]` |
| `affinity`                 | Affinity settings for pod assignment | `{}` |
| `livenessProbe.enabled`                | Enable livenessProbe | `true` |
| `livenessProbe.failureThreshold`       | Number of consecutive failures before restarting the pod | `3` |
| `livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`    | Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes begin | `10` |
| `livenessProbe.periodSeconds`          | How often to perform the probe | `10` |
| `livenessProbe.successThreshold`       | Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed | `1` |
| `livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds`         | Number of seconds after which the probe times out | `1` |
| `readinessProbe.enabled`               | Enable readinessProbe | `true` |
| `readinessProbe.failureThreshold`      | Number of consecutive failures before restarting the pod | `3` |
| `readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`   | Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes begin | `10` |
| `readinessProbe.periodSeconds`         | How often to perform the probe | `10` |
| `readinessProbe.successThreshold`      | Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed | `1` |
| `readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds`        | Number of seconds after which the probe times out | `1` |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Read through the [values.yaml](values.yaml) file. It has several suggested values.

Commit message:

documenting `persistence.config.customVolume` and `persistence.media.customVolume`

charts/jellyfin/README.md, after:

# Jellyfin Software Media System

This is a helm chart for [Jellyfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin/)

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.19+
- Helm 3+

## TL;DR;


## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the Jellyfin chart and their default values.

| Parameter                  | Description                         | Default                                                 |
|----------------------------|-------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| `image.repository`         | Image repository | `docker.io/jellyfin/jellyfin` |
| `image.tag`                | Image tag. Possible values listed [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/jellyfin/jellyfin/tags/).| `latest`|
| `image.pullPolicy`         | Image pull policy | `IfNotPresent` |
| `enableDLNA`		  | Enable DLNA for jellyfin | `false` |
| `Service.type`          | Kubernetes service type for the jellyfin GUI | `ClusterIP` |
| `Service.port`          | Kubernetes port where the jellyfin GUI is exposed| `8096` |
| `Service.annotations`   | Service annotations for the jellyfin GUI | `{}` |
| `Service.labels`        | Custom labels | `{}` |
| `Service.loadBalancerIP` | Loadbalance IP for the jellyfin GUI | `{}` |
| `Service.loadBalancerSourceRanges` | List of IP CIDRs allowed access to load balancer (if supported)      | None
| `ingress.enabled`              | Enables Ingress | `false` |
| `ingress.annotations`          | Ingress annotations | `{}` |
| `ingress.ingressClassName`          | Ingress class name | `nil` |
| `ingress.labels`               | Custom labels                       | `{}`
| `ingress.path`                 | Ingress path | `/` |
| `ingress.hosts`                | Ingress accepted hostnames | `chart-example.local` |
| `ingress.tls`                  | Ingress TLS configuration | `[]` |
| `persistence.config.enabled`      | Use persistent volume to store configuration data | `false` |
| `persistence.config.size`         | Size of persistent volume claim | `1Gi` |
| `persistence.config.existingClaim`| Use an existing PVC to persist data | `nil` |
| `persistence.config.storageClass` | Type of persistent volume claim | `-` |
| `persistence.config.accessMode`  | Persistence access mode | `ReadWriteOnce` |
| `persistence.config.customVolume`  | When set and `persistence.config.enabled` is false, will configure a custom volume instead of an `emptyDir` | `nil` |
| `persistence.media.enabled`      | Use persistent volume to store configuration data | `true` |
| `persistence.media.size`         | Size of persistent volume claim | `10Gi` |
| `persistence.media.existingClaim`| Use an existing PVC to persist data | `nil` |
| `persistence.media.storageClass` | Type of persistent volume claim | `-` |
| `persistence.media.accessMode`  | Persistence access mode | `ReadWriteOnce` |
| `persistence.media.customVolume`  | When set and `persistence.media.enabled` is false, will configure a custom volume instead of an `emptyDir` | `nil` |
| `persistence.extraExistingClaimMounts`  | Optionally add multiple existing claims | `[]` |
| `resources`                | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits | `{}` |
| `nodeSelector`             | Node labels for pod assignment | `{}` |
| `tolerations`              | Toleration labels for pod assignment | `[]` |
| `affinity`                 | Affinity settings for pod assignment | `{}` |
| `livenessProbe.enabled`                | Enable livenessProbe | `true` |
| `livenessProbe.failureThreshold`       | Number of consecutive failures before restarting the pod | `3` |
| `livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`    | Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes begin | `10` |
| `livenessProbe.periodSeconds`          | How often to perform the probe | `10` |
| `livenessProbe.successThreshold`       | Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed | `1` |
| `livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds`         | Number of seconds after which the probe times out | `1` |
| `readinessProbe.enabled`               | Enable readinessProbe | `true` |
| `readinessProbe.failureThreshold`      | Number of consecutive failures before restarting the pod | `3` |
| `readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`   | Number of seconds after the container has started before liveness probes begin | `10` |
| `readinessProbe.periodSeconds`         | How often to perform the probe | `10` |
| `readinessProbe.successThreshold`      | Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed | `1` |
| `readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds`        | Number of seconds after which the probe times out | `1` |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Read through the [values.yaml](values.yaml) file. It has several suggested values.
